Invalid thread access in RuntimeClasspathViewer$1.preferenceChange (err_grp: 87791828).
Hello committers,
we received a new error report for Eclipse 4.4.1.M20140925-0400.
General Information:
Messages, stacktraces, and nested status objects may be shortened.
Some general information and guidelines about how to use this bug report:
1.
Feel free to move this bug to your own product and components.
Please note that this bug is only accessible to Eclipse committers.
If you move this bug please make sure that it's still in the "Security Advisor" group.
2.
The bug contents of the fields status, resolution, keywords, and whitelist are presented to reporters.
If you needs more information, please set the keyword "needinfo".
This will trigger a specialized dialog asking the user to provide further details.
3.
Use the following resolutions for the following situations:
* CLOSED / FIXED: This bug has been fixed.
Please provide additional information in the whiteboard field.
* CLOSED / WORKSFORME: Use this resolution if you can't reproduce this issue
and request further information.
Please use the whiteboard text to specify more details what a user should provide and how.
* CLOSED / INVALID: Use this resolution if the reported problem is a 'user-configuration' problem.
Please consider giving hints how to fix these issues in the whiteboard field.
* CLOSED / NOT ECLIPSE: Use this if the problem is caused by another plugin
not developed at Eclipse.org
* CLOSED / MOVED: If this bug has been moved else where.
Please provide more information (e.g. a link) in the whiteboard field.
4.
Please remember that only committers can view and comment on this bug.
You may, however, manually add the reporting user to the bug's cc list.
But keep in mind that the report may contain sensitive information.
5.
If you are missing a feature, please file an enhancement request here:
Thank you for your assistance.
Your friendly error-reports-inbox.
* Note: The list of present bundles and their respective versions was
calculated by package naming heuristics.
This may or may not reflect reality.