Bug 145536  [Progress] TVT3.2:TCT861: DA: US date displayed in error msgOS: RHEL 3.1
Must fix or not a must fix: YES
Build date: 060406
Component name = DTP
Blocking: NO
Language: da
Bitmap Location: V:\defects\da\21.001210.jpg
Tester Name: Elsebeth Flarup
Problem Description:
From the menu bar, go to Window -> Show View -> Other...
Expand Connectivity
Select Data Source Explorer.
Click Ok
In the view that appears, you should see a list of available connection profile categories.
Click the New Connection Profile button from the Data Source Explorer view menu
In the wizard, select one of the available database types. For this test, select Derby Embedded Database.
Click Next.
On the ?Create connection profile? wizard page, you should be able to specify a name and description for your new Derby connection profile and determine if it should start automatically when it is created and the next time the Data Source Explorer opens.
Put ?TVTDerby? in the Name field.
Put ?TVTDerby description? in the Description field.
Click Next
Select the ??? button beside the driver combo box near the top of the wizard page.
Select the ?Derby Embedded? driver category and click ?Add??
Choose one of the available driver templates for Derby (for example, Derby Embedded JDBC Driver for Derby 10.0) and click OK
Select derby.jar reference in Driver File(s) list and click ?Edit Jar/Zip.?
Using the ?Select the file? dialog, find the location of the derby.jar file on your system and click OK. The path in the Driver file(s) list should update..
At this point, your driver is set up. If you want to change where the new Derby database will be created, you can modify the Connection URL value in the Properties portion of the dialog.
Click OK on the Edit Driver Entry dialog to save your changes.
On the Driver Definitions dialog, select your new driver and click OK.

You may need to change the directory to the Derby database in the URL field. Change it to a drive a Linux directory.
Test your profile to see if it connects. Click the Test Connection button.

At this point I get an error (problem with the driver), and the error message displays the date and time in US English format instead of
Danish. Should be "man jun 5" (as displayed by the OS) or the format returned by the JDK for the da_DK locale.

This article was reassigned from Category:''TVT/Testing''.